adding component structure chapter (#54)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/helpers-scss.md

---
id: helpers-scss
title: Scss
sidebar_label: Scss
---

[![docs-source](https://img.shields.io/badge/source-eigthshift--frontend--libs-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&labelColor=2a2a2a)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs/tree/develop/blocks/init/src/blocks/)

> For years, we have collected a list of useful SASS mixins, functions, and other stuff you can use in a project. You don't need to have all this in your project; check out our documentation and see what we have in store for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For years, we have collected a list of useful SASS mixins, placeholders, and functions you can use in a project. You don't need to have all this in your project. Check out our documentation and see what we have in store for you.
```

**Visit [SassDocs](/eightshift-docs/sass) for more details.**

## Default usage

Eightshift Frontend Libs styles library is already implemented in your WordPress project, so you don't need to worry about implementation.

> All our sass mixing, functions, helpers are located in `node_modules/@eighshift/frontent-libs/styles/scss/eightshift-frontend-libs.scss` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All our sass mixing, functions, and helpers are located in `node_modules/@eighshift/frontent-libs/styles/scss/eightshift-frontend-libs.scss` file.
```
